[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So React components, a lot
of people said they never used React, so
we're just gonna go over
React components briefly.
I'll get into some live examples and
then I'm gonna set you free on a exercise.
So React components, who here is
hasn't heard of web components before?
>> Scott Moss: Everyone knows
what web components are,
it's like this new standard
that's come in to the browser.
It's like a widget for the web, pretty
much, it's like a new API for widget for
the web.
So React components and other frameworks
who also have components, it's just their
philosophy to bring that same widget
system to JavaScript frameworks.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: There's
a question on the line.
>> Scott Moss: I use a lot of React for
web, still getting used to style,
I wonder how different are the two worlds?
They're very similar, React for
the web and React Native,
I would say are probably
at least 75% the same.
So it's pretty close.
It's gonna be nice.
So React brings into view encapsulation
with their React components.
So that means every single thing,
your whole application is
just a tree of components.
Like if you open the DOM,
you see a tree of elements.
Your application is going
to be just like that.
So we're going to do these
components that you made or
you downloaded somewhere else and
that's what React components offer.
So separation of concern, so
we can separate different functionalities,
different parts of our UI
into different components and
then we can compose those components
together to create our application.
And because of that, it's modular so
if we separate everything out like
that then it's completely modular,
we can stick this component here,
we can share with this person.
We can test it, isolate it for the rest
of the application, all types of stuff,
it's pretty cool.
And it uses JSX.
I remember when React was first
announced they got booed off stage,
forgot what conference it was.
I can't remember but they got booed off
stage cuz people's like, it's gross,
you got XML in your JavaScript, that's
terrible like they got booed off stage but
now it's like JSX is like the best thing.
People are like, man,
I can't live without JSX.
I think it's just funny, but I do love JSX
because it's like writing JavaScript in
your HTML instead of
writing string templates so
you get the syntax highlighting, you can
just do regular JavaScript stuff like map.
You'll see it's pretty simple
if you never used React,
it's literally just JavaScript for
your templates which is amazing.
Any questions on this stuff?
>> Speaker 2: There's
a question in the line,
I'm not sure if you answered it yet
though.
>> Scott Moss: Which one?
Does React Native actually
compiles native code?
Yeah, we'll get into exactly
how React Native works.
Yet you will have native code on your app.
Yes, it is not some web view like Ionic.
Like, you're gonna bring up a web view and
if it's gonna run your code in there.
There's no DOM in React Native.
There's no DOM and
that's the beauty of React.
React itself is not, the React components
itself are not attached to the DOM.
They're completely separated from the DOM.
In fact, there's React and then there's
React Dom because they separated the two.
So we're gonna be using the part of React
that has nothing to do with the DOM in
React Native which is just
how you define components.
That's pretty much it, it has
absolutely nothing to do with the DOM.
So yeah,
this isn't tied to the web at all.
It's just a way to create components,
to create UIs, that's it.
And in those UIs are then converted to
native UIs by the React Native platform.
So that make sense?
>> Speaker 2: Follow up.
>> Scott Moss: Yes?
If your JSX on web compiles JavaScript
which injects things into the DOM,
then what does JSX
compiles on React Native?
So we're gonna get into that on the next,
after the first exercise.
Good question though, yeah, there's no
DOM, so like what the hell is it, yeah,
we'll see.
Cool, any question on this so far?
No, no,
you can just stop working down there.
>> Speaker 2: Getting close.
>> Scott Moss: You're getting close, okay.
So, React Native.
React Native, bridges native in
JavaScript development, literally.
It's literally a bridge,
that's what React Native is.
There's a bridge that sits there and
it runs your JavaScript code on
the JavaScript VM on the mobile device.
So on iOS that's what JavaScript
core on Android, that's V8.
So it's gonna run your JavaScript on that
VM there and there's a bridge that where
is asynchronous communications
happen between the native code and
your JavaScript code.
Whether that's you develop some native
module that you wanna use in JavaScript or
some JavaScript that
you're gonna use natively,
it just talks asynchronously like that.
You can also expose native modules
to JavaScript like I just said.
So React Native shifts with
tons of APIs and UI and
stuff that you can use in React Native but
you can also create your own if you know
mobile development and there's tons
of examples on how to do that.
We're not gonna get in that cuz I don't
think anybody raised their hand when
they said they knew native development, so
it's no point of even getting into that.
It's cross platform so
we can, all right, React Native
is gonna run on Android and iOS.
It started off at just iOS but
then they got it working on
Android which is pretty legit.
And it also brings over some
other good parts of the web.
So it's not just the React
component syntax like JSX and
all the other awesome stuff, but
things like flex boxes and some CSS stuff.
All that stuff comes over to React Native,
which is pretty dope in my opinion.
So yeah, any questions on that stuff?
>> Scott Moss: Cool, all right, so
now what we're gonna do is
let's hop in to some React.
>> Speaker 2: Before you jump in.
>> Scott Moss: Yes
>> Speaker 2: Couple more questions
on the line.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: The one that
actually Charles' question,
do you use tools like redux in
React Native to manage state.
>> Scott Moss: Yes, you can.
So the only thing that's
gonna be specifically for
React Native are going to be
the components that we use.
As far as like the application logic,
you can use whatever you want as
long as it's not attached to DOM.
So redux is a great example of a state
management solution that is not attached
to the DOM.
And in fact, we're gonna be
using that today and tomorrow or
you can roll your own.
So pretty much any flux implementation
you want to use that isn't attached to
the DOM, which is pretty much all of them,
you can use in React Native.